---
layout: post
title:  "News 4 U"
author: Vinish
categories: [ tutorial ]
---

## News 4 U Website

I have began using the terminal commands that I learned when working on my website, News 4 U. News 4 U is a a website that I created using HTML and CSS over the summer with a mentor who guided me through the process. News 4 U is used to help teenagers become more aware of current world issues and provides them with ways to get involved in their cities.

The main problem that I ran into with this website was getting the Google Map to work due to the API key not working. At first, I only had my mentor's API Key. I tried to add the Github domain to my API key, but it did not work. However, I was able to fix this using another tool - Mapbox.

For my static files directory set up, I have have folders that were meant to store different parts of the code.

In order to put the website on Github Pages, I first signed up for Gihub. Then, I got SSH set up. SSH allows users to connect to Github without having to input their login information each time they are modifying their code. Next, I set up my static files on github and moved the index page to the root directory due to a problem with not being able to access it for a while. After a couple weeks of not making any edits, an image was not showing up on one of the pages due to the article from where the image came from being removed from a source. To fix this, I deleted the link and modified the code. Laslty, to fix the final problem of the Google Map, I switched to Mapbox. I created an account for this, set a style that I thought would go well with the website, and used a Mapbox token in place of the previous API key.

**Link to final website:** https://xiomaraquinonez.github.io/MAGIC/
